hey guys gray leaf gamer here and we're
gonna take a run through cover that
today after patch 1.14 Rockstar added
some enemies gave them RPGs move the
container and move the drop-off point to
halfway across the map so let's have a
look at how we complete covered it now
with all the changes the first thing
we're gonna do is run a short distance
down the hill yeah don't want to get too
close but too far away and you'll have a
hard time aiming for those tiny little
headshots halfway down the hill you'll
see one guy standing by himself nobody
seems to like this guy because none of
them react when you shoot him in the
head then you move back up the hill and
take out the four guys standing there
from right to left then move your sights
over to the three guys on the other side
of the cove and take them out from left
to right and the one guy on the beach
now there's more people that we could
snipe from here but we're gonna move on
down the hill so that we can trigger the
helicopter to come as soon as possible
and I'm trying to stay slightly off to
the right here as I run down the hill
because there's two guys from the left
that I don't want to give a clear shot
to
now when we run through here there's two
guys at the fourth truck that we want to
kill and once we get them with our
special carbine rifle we hook left and
hit the two guys coming up from the
beach then snipe the three guys over by
the container hit the one guy buy the
crates there and take cover here snipe
the guy buy that truck the guy buy the
crates and the guy buy the truck over
there at this point there's only three
guys left one there one there and one
there now the one thing to keep in mind
is that once you trigger the helicopter
to come you need to clear everyone out
and get to the yellow Corona before the
helicopter goes if you don't the mission
will fail
once we're in the helicopter we're gonna
drop the hook and spend the helicopter
around so that we're already pointed in
the right direction when we grab the
container slow and steady is the key
here there's nobody shooting at us so we
can take all the time in the world they
don't send a helicopter after you until
after you hook the container and once
you do you want to get just enough
altitude to clear the hill and then keep
pushing forward on that stick when you
get here again just get the altitude
that you need and follow the highway
towards the drop-off at this point your
helicopter is in great shape so even if
they did catch up to you they would only
be a nuisance because they wouldn't be
able to put enough bullets into you to
take you down and the drop-off works the
same as it always did you don't have to
release the container you just have to
fly over the drop-off point and the game
does the rest for you and that's it for
today guys I put up two or three of
these videos a week so if you haven't
done so already make sure you like it
make sure you subscribe and I'll see you
next time